[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#601)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-client-docs: docs/project/create-a-sharepoint-hosted-project-server-add-in.md

- Verify that the Project Web App instance you will be using for development and testing is accessible in the browser.

> For information about using the online tools, see Set up an environment for developing apps for SharePoint on Office 365 (`https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/fp161179.aspx`). For a walkthrough of building a simple app for Project Server that uses the online tools, see the EPMSource blog series, [Building your first Project Server app](https://epmsource.com/2012/11/20/building-your-first-project-server-app-part-zerothe-introduction/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about using the online tools, see Set up a development environment for SharePoint Add-ins on Microsoft 365](/sharepoint/dev/sp-add-ins/set-up-a-development-environment-for-sharepoint-add-ins-on-office-365.md). For a walkthrough of building a simple app for Project Server that uses the online tools, see the EPMSource blog series, [Building your first Project Server app](https://epmsource.com/2012/11/20/building-your-first-project-server-app-part-zerothe-introduction/).
```
